Hi, Gloria. Arianna.
Hi. Hi.
Regarding the eagle block
at Saint Mary's Academy.
How did you feel when you were given
the opportunity to express your opinion
about what you wanted to learn,
and how you want to learn it?
I mean, for me, I really like it
because I get to learn, well, like Carmel,
what I want to learn.
And it gives me, like, the opportunity
to see what I like
to see, like kind of what my future
is going to be like, ahead of me or what.
Like I get to try my things out
and I think it's kind of like better
than just being like,
stuck to regular classes,
because I feel like sometimes
in the regular classes
I get kind of bored.
So yeah, and I and I for me,
I chose the outdoor learning
because I really like being outside
and being in the woods.
And so I thought that
that would be what I would like.
And so far
it's been what I, I've been liking
speaking for me,
like personally in my group,
which is art and sound.
I like the concept of it
because they give us materials
and that are, catered, like,
catered to us, and we get to do
whatever we want with them.
So like art materials
and they play music and we like,
we get to like paint or felt
or like different art things
about like how we feel in the moment.
And I think I prefer that than
being in a class, because it gives you
this sense of freedom
that you don't always have in a class.
Thank you.